## BOOKT, LLC. and SnapCast, Corp

# Privacy Policy

Welcome to the online and mobile services of Bookt LLC. (&quot;Bookt,&quot; &quot;we,&quot; or &quot;us&quot;) and to the online and mobile services of SnapCast, Corp. (&quot;SnapCast&quot;, &quot;we&quot; or &quot;us&quot;). Bookt, LLC and SnapCast, Corp are separate legal entities, that maintain between them certain software licensing, data sharing, data licensing and data storage agreements.

Bookt and SnapCast have each separately adopted this Privacy Policy. As such, SnapCast has adopted this privacy policy to govern its use of data and information collected by Bookt that SnapCast collects, stores, processes, analyzes and markets and _vice-versa_. This Privacy Policy also covers certain Bookt and SnapCast applications and platforms such as the SnapCast &quot;Agency Dashboard&quot; and &quot;Agency Pages&quot; that are made available only to professional Agents, Scouts and third party vendors.

Our Privacy Policy explains the types of information that we collect and how we capture, use, disclose, share and protect information that applies to our respective separate, but inter-dependent Services and products, and your choices about the collection and use of your information by both Bookt and SnapCast. This Privacy and Cookie Policy also explains how you can control your personal data. This Policy also informs you on how to notify Bookt and SnapCast in the event that you need either of us to correct or change your information. The SnapCast mobile app is licensed software of Bookt. Bookt operates and hosts the SnapCast mobile application. By using the SnapCast app, you are agreeing to the SnapCast Terms of Use, and also agreeing to the Bookt Terms of Use.

Click on the links below to jump to each section of this Privacy Policy:

1. [How We Collect and Use Information](#howwecollectanduseinformation)

1. [How We Store and Protect Your Information](#howwestoreandprotectyourinformation)

1. [Sharing of Your Information](#sharingofyourinformation)

1. [Your Choices about Your Information](#yourchoicesaboutyourinformation)

1. [Notice to California Residents](#noticetocaliforniaresidents)

1. [Notice to Citizens of the European Union/EEA and United Kingdom](#noticetocitizensoftheeuropeanuionanduk)

1. [Consent to Transfer Information to the United States](#consenttotransferinformationtousa)

1. [Use of Publically Published Fashion Images](#useofpublicallypublishedfashionimages)

1. [&quot;Do Not Track&quot;](#DONOTTRACK)

1. [Children&#39;s Privacy](#childrensprivacy)

1. [Links to Other Websites and Services](#linkstootherwebsitesandservices)

1. [Changes to Our Privacy Policy](#changestoourprivacypolicy)

1. [Survivability and Transfer](#survivabilityandtransfer)

1. [How to Contact Us](#howtocontactus)
# 
1. **HOW WE COLLECT AND USE INFORMATION**<a name="howwecollectanduseinformation"></a>

    Capitalized terms that are not defined in this Privacy Policy have the meaning given them in our respective Terms of Use [[Hyperlink to SnapCast Terms of Use]](../terms-of-use).

    Bookt and SnapCast, Corp collect, use, disclose and share your private information for operational business purposes. We collect the following types of information about you:

    **Information you provide to us directly:** Bookt and SnapCast only collect personally identifying information with your specific knowledge and consent. For authentication purposes, we each ask for certain information such as your username, first and last name, birthdate, phone number and e-mail address when you register for a Bookt or SnapCast account, or if you correspond with us. We may also retain any messages you send through our platforms, websites, apps and services, and may collect information you provide in User Content that you post to our respective platforms, websites, apps and services. We use this information to operate, maintain quality assurance, for diagnostic purposes, and to provide the features and functionality of our Services.

    In addition, Bookt and SnapCast may collect personally identifying information from prospective models that wish to be scouted utilizing a Bookt &quot;Contact&quot; or &quot;Get Scouted&quot; form utilized by Agencies and Scouts and developed and licensed by SnapCast. This includes personally identifiable information such as your name, address, email, gender, date of birth and personal physical characteristics and measurements (i.e. height, shoe size, bust size, dress size, etc. of a personal nature). In addition, Bookt and SnapCast may also receive and collect information that you provide to us directly in the form of photos, videos, voice recordings or other media that contain personal information.

    You voluntarily provide this information. Remember that when you provide such information it may be made &quot;public&quot; and accessible to other users of Bookt and SnapCast, including, but not limited to Agents, Scouts, Clients and third party partners and vendors, depending upon your status (i.e. signed model (whether exclusive or non-exclusive); candidate (not yet signed) or other). As a result, you should carefully consider what Personal Data to include in your profile and ensure that such Personal Data is accurate. You have the right to edit, update or change your profile.

    We also ask you to provide us your email login info. We generate calendaring and scheduling functionality for _signed models_, among other aspects of the Service, by filtering the relevant appointments from your emails. If you sign-up &quot;opt-in&quot; for any Bookt or SnapCast mailing list or notifications, we will collect your email address and mobile telephone number for purposes of sending you notifications.

    We also collect Personal Data if you provide such data in the context of any promotions or discounts offered by our third party partners and vendors. Bookt and SnapCast cannot control how other sites (including those to which our respective sites and apps link or third party sites or services with which we have relationships) control or use your information. Bookt and SnapCast make no promises or guarantees regarding data collection or on hyperlinked pages of Agents, Scouts and third-party vendors and partners that are not owned by Bookt or SnapCast. These other sites and third parties, including vendors that may offer you promotional or discounted services, may have their own privacy policies and terms of use that Bookt and SnapCast cannot control. We recommend that you read the privacy policies and terms of use of each site that you visit or app that you download.

    **Information that we collect passively: Bookt** and **SnapCast** both directly and through Agencies and Scouts who have entered into agreements with Bookt and SnapCast, passively collect non-personal information sent to use by your web browser or device including, but not limited to your domain name and user name. This information is aggregated and is not personally identifiable.

    **Information we may receive from third parties** : Bookt and SnapCast may receive information about you from third parties. For example, if you access our websites or Service through a third-party connection or log-in, for example, through Facebook Connect, by &quot;following,&quot; &quot;liking,&quot; adding the Bookt application, SnapCast application, linking your account to the Bookt Service, etc., that third party may pass certain information about your use of its service to Bookt. You should always review, and if necessary, adjust your privacy settings on third-party websites and services before linking or connecting them to the Bookt Service. You may also unlink your third party account from the Service by adjusting your settings on the third party service.

    Additionally, after you provide Bookt and SnapCast with your email information, we will receive and analyze information about your emails from third party email software providers. This collection can take place via API, IMAP/POP, or other methods. The information collected may include, without limitation, email addresses, subject lines, email formats, dates, names, iCAL/Google Appointment/Outlook meeting request files, financial information, information about expenses, and other modeling- and casting-related information. We use this information primarily to identify model-agency communications, generate schedules and calendars, and otherwise to provide and improve the Bookt and SnapCast websites, apps and services.

    Bookt and SnapCast use this information to operate, maintain, and provide to you the features and functionality of our Services, as well as to communicate directly with you, such as to send you email messages and push notifications, to allow you to locate others and have others locate you on the Services, and to permit you to share content with others on the Services. We may also send you Services-related emails or messages (e.g., account verification, order confirmations, change or updates to features of the Services, technical and security notices). For more information about your communication preferences, see &quot;Your Choices Regarding Your Information&quot; below.

    **Information We Collect Automatically When You Use the Services and Use of cookies and other technology to collect information****.**

    Bookt and SnapCast automatically collect certain types of usage information when you visit our website or use our Service. When you visit the Service, we may send one or more cookies — a small text file containing a string of alphanumeric characters — to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser and lets us help you log in faster and enhance your navigation through the site. A cookie may also convey information to us about how you use the Service (e.g., the pages you view, the links you click, how frequently you access the Service, and other actions you take on the Service), and allow us to track your usage of the Service over time.

    Bookt and SnapCast use or may use the data collected through **cookies** , log file, device identifiers, location data and clear gifs information to: (a) remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the site; (b) provide custom, personalized content and information, including advertising and to link or combine with information we get from others to help understand your needs and provide you with better service; (c) provide and monitor the effectiveness of Bookt and SnapCast Services and track your attendance at events and venues; (d) send you technical notices, updates, security alters and support and administrative messages; (e) communicate with you about products, services, offers, promotions, rewards and events offered by Bookt and SnapCast or third party partners and vendors; (f) monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, usage, and demographic patterns on our websites, apps and services; (g) diagnose or fix technology problems; (h) otherwise to plan for and enhance our websites, apps and services; and (i) automatically update the Bookt applications on your mobile devices, including those managed by or affiliated to SnapCast.

    Bookt and SnapCast may collect log file information from your browser or mobile device each time you access Bookt and SnapCast websites, apps and services. Log file information may include anonymous information such as your web request, Internet Protocol (&quot;IP&quot;) address, browser type, information about your mobile device, referring / exit pages and URLs, number of clicks and how you interact with links on the Service, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed, and other such information. We may employ clear gifs (also known as web beacons), which are used to anonymously track the online usage patterns of our Users. In addition, we may also use clear gifs in HTML-based emails sent to our users to track emails that are opened and which links are clicked by recipients. The information allows for more accurate reporting and improvement of our Services. We may also collect analytics data, or use third-party analytics tools, to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Service. These tools collect information sent by your browser or mobile device, including the pages you visit, your use of third party applications, and other information that assists us in analyzing and improving the Service.

    When you access Bookt and SnapCast by or through a mobile device, we may receive or collect and store a unique identification numbers associated with your device (&quot;Device ID&quot;), mobile carrier, device type and manufacturer, phone number, and, depending on your mobile device settings, your geographical location data, including GPS coordinates (e.g. latitude and/or longitude) or similar information regarding the location of your mobile device. We may use Location Information (information about the location of your device) each time you attend and event (i.e. casting; client work; appointment with a third party merchant or service provider; or attendance at our partners&#39; events). We collect this information to track your participation or attendance at such events; completion of castings and jobs; and purchase of our third party partners and services and products.

    Bookt and SnapCast may collect certain hardware and software information about you and your device such as device make, device model, carrier, hardware address, data connection type, browser type, operating system, IP address, domain name, date/time stamp for your visit, app crashes, advertising IDs (such as Google&#39;s AAID and Apple&#39;s IDFA which can be reset by going to your device&#39;s setting) an ID that is unique to the device or browser on which you install and/or access Bookt or SnapCast services (&quot;Device ID&quot;) and may collect sensor information such as barometric pressure, accelerometer measurements, gyroscope measurements, device orientation, magnetic field measurements, direction of travel, motion activity (e.g., walking) or other similar measurements (all of the foregoing collectively known as &quot;Hardware and Software Information&quot;.

1. **HOW WE STORE AND PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION**<a name="howwestoreandprotectyourinformation"></a>

    **Storage and Processing** : Your information collected through Bookt and/or SnapCast may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which Bookt or SnapCast and their subsidiaries, affiliates or service providers maintain facilities. If you are located in the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, please note that Bookt or SnapCast may transfer information, including personal information, to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction, and you consent to the transfer of information to the U.S. or any other country in which Bookt or SnapCast and their respective separate subsidiaries, affiliates or service providers maintain facilities and the use and disclosure of information about you as described in this Privacy Policy.

    **Keeping your information safe** : Bookt and SnapCast care about the security of your information, and use commercially reasonable safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of all information collected through our separate services and platforms. To protect your privacy and security, we take reasonable steps (such as requesting a unique password) to verify your identity before granting you access to your account(s) on our separate services and platforms. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your unique password and account information, and for controlling access to your email communications from Bookt and/or SnapCast, at all times. However, Bookt and SnapCast cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to Bookt and SnapCast or guarantee that information on our separate platforms and services may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed. Your privacy settings may also be affected by changes to the functionality of third party sites and services that you add to your Bookt or SnapCast profile or service, such as social networks. Bookt and SnapCast are not responsible for the functionality or security measures of any third party.

    **Compromise of information** : In the event that any information under our control is compromised as a result of a breach of security, Bookt and/or SnapCast, as applicable, will take reasonable steps to investigate the situation and where appropriate, notify those individuals whose information may have been compromised and take other steps, in accordance with any applicable laws and regulations.

1. **SHARING OF YOUR INFORMATION**<a name="sharingofyourinformation"></a>

    We may share your personal information in the instances described below. For further information on your choices regarding your information, see the section below called, &quot;Your Choices Regarding Your Information.&quot;

    Remember, our Services allow you to connect with others and share information about yourself with other individuals. Your profile information, including your name, photo, location and other personal information, will be available publicly to other members of the Service by default and may be searchable by search engines which may display certain of your information publicly. By using the Service, you consent to have your profile information and your location displayed to other members of the Service. Consider your own privacy and personal safety when logging in to our Service and sharing your information with anyone.

    We may also share or disclose your personal information with:

    - Other companies owned by or under common ownership as Bookt and/or SnapCast, which also includes our subsidiaries (i.e., any organization we own or control) or our ultimate holding company (i.e., any organization that owns or controls us) and any subsidiaries it owns. These companies will use your personal information in the same way as we can under this Policy;
    - Other companies not owned or under common ownership of Bookt and/or SnapCast who we utilize for data analytics, advertising, design of algorithms and software development, app development and web design.
    - Third party vendors, consultants and other service providers that perform services on our behalf, in order to carry out their work for us, which may include identifying and serving targeted advertisements, content or service fulfillment, or providing analytics services;
    - Third parties who we think may offer you products or services you may enjoy.
    - Partner Promotions. From time-to-time Bookt or SnapCast may offer contests, sweepstakes, or other promotions with third-party partners. If you decide to enter a contest, sweepstake, or promotion that is sponsored by a third-party partner the information that you provide will be shared with us and with them. This Privacy Policy does not govern third parties&#39; use of your information.
    - The public and other members or Users of Bookt and SnapCast services at your request. Any information or content that you voluntarily disclose for posting to Bookt and SnapCast Services, such as User Content, becomes available to the public, as controlled by any applicable privacy settings. To change your privacy settings on Bookt and SnapCast websites and apps, please change your profile setting. Subject to your profile and privacy settings, any User Content that you make public is searchable by other Users and subject to use under the Bookt API. Any party that uses the Bookt API is subject to the API Terms of Use [Hyperlink to SnapCast Terms of Use][Hyperlink toBookt Terms of Use]. which incorporates the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you remove information that you posted to the Service, copies may remain viewable in cached and archived pages of the Service, or if other Users have copied or saved that information;
    - With other members or Users of the Bookt and SnapCast websites and apps so that you can be &quot;found&quot; on these websites and apps. When other members of the Bookt and SnapCast Services attempt to &quot;Find Friends&quot; on the Services using their contact list or address book, we will identify you as an existing member of the Services if your phone number is in your friend&#39;s address book. Similarly, we will let you know which of your contacts in your address book are already members of the Service based on the phone number associated with the member&#39;s account;
    - Other parties in connection with any company transaction, such as a merger, sale of company assets or shares, reorganization, financing, change of control or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company or third party or in the event of bankruptcy or related or similar proceedings; and
    - Third parties as required to (i) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, subpoena/court order, legal process or other government request, (ii) enforce our Terms of Use Agreement, including the investigation of potential violations thereof, (iii) investigate and defend ourselves against any third party claims or allegations, (iv) protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Bookt and/or SnapCast, its users or the public as required or permitted by law and (v) detect, prevent or otherwise address criminal (including fraud or stalking), security or technical issues.

    **Social media applications:** Some Bookt websites, SnapCast apps and/or websites and apps developed by or licensed by SnapCast and/or Bookt may offer social media-sharing functions and features and other integrated tools (i.e. such as the Facebook &quot;Like&quot; button), which let you share actions you take on our Services with other media, and vice versa. Your use of such features enables the sharing of information with your friends or the public, depending on the settings you establish with the entity that provides the social media-sharing feature and the privacy policies and terms of use of these third party social media applications.

    **Ads on Bookt and SnapCast** : We may also share certain information such as your location, browser and cookie data and other data relating to your use of our Services with our business partners to deliver advertisements (&quot;ads&quot;) that may be of interest to you. Bookt and SnapCast may allow third-party ad servers or ad networks to serve advertisements on the Service. These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to send, directly to your browser or mobile device, the ads and ad links that appear on the Service, and will automatically receive your IP address when they do so. They may also use other technologies (such as cookies, JavaScript, device identifiers, location data, and clear gifs, see above) to compile information about your browser&#39;s or device&#39;s visits and usage patterns on the Service, and to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize the advertising content. Bookt and SnapCast do not sell, rent, or share the information we collect directly from you or about you from third parties with these third-party ad servers or ad networks for such parties&#39; own marketing purposes.

    Please note that an advertiser may ask Bookt or SnapCast to show an ad to a certain audience of Users (e.g., based on demographics or other interests). In that situation, Bookt or SnapCast determines the target audience and Bookt or SnapCast serves the advertising to that audience and only provides anonymous aggregated data to the advertiser. If you respond to such an ad, the advertiser or ad server may conclude that you fit the description of the audience they are trying to reach.

    **This Privacy Policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, third-party advertisers. Please consult the respective privacy policies of such advertisers or contact such advertisers for more information.**

1. **YOUR CHOICES ABOUT YOUR INFORMATION**<a name="yourchoicesaboutyourinformation"></a>

    **Commercial and marketing communications:** Bookt and SnapCast use the information we collect or receive to communicate directly with you. We may send you emails containing newsletters, promotions and special offers. If you do not want to receive such email messages, you will be given the option to opt-out or change your preferences. We also use your information to send you Service-related emails (e.g., account verification, purchase and billing confirmations and reminders, changes/updates to features of the Service, technical and security notices). You may not opt out of Service-related emails.

    **You control your account information and settings** : You may update your account information and email-communication preferences at any time by logging into your account and changing your profile settings. You can also stop receiving promotional email communications from us by clicking on the &quot;unsubscribe link&quot; provided in such communications. We make every effort to promptly process all unsubscribe requests. As noted above, you may not opt out of Service-related communications (e.g., account verification, purchase and billing confirmations and reminders, changes/updates to features of the Service, technical and security notices).

    If you have any questions about reviewing or modifying your account information, you can contact us directly at: [hello@getsnapcast.com](mailto:hello@gotbookt.com)

    **Online Advertising.** Bookt and SnapCast may permit third party online advertising networks to collect information about your use of our website over time so that they may display ads that may be relevant to your interests on our Service as well as on other websites or apps. Typically, the information collected for this purpose is collected through cookies or similar tracking technology. The only way to completely opt out of the collection of any information through cookies or other tracking technology is to actively manage the settings on your browser or mobile device. Please refer to your mobile device or browser&#39;s technical information for instructions on how to delete and disable cookies, and other tracking/recording tools. (To learn more about cookies, clear gifs/web beacons and related technologies, you may wish to visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org and/or the Network Advertising Initiative&#39;s online resources, located at http://www.networkadvertising.org). Depending on your type of device, it may not be possible to delete or disable tracking mechanisms on your mobile device. Note that disabling cookies and/or other tracking tools prevents Bookt, SnapCast or their business partners from tracking your browser&#39;s activities in relation to the Service, and for use in targeted advertising activities by third parties. However, doing so may disable many of the features available through the Service. If you have any questions about opting out of the collection of cookies and other tracking/recording tools, you can contact us directly at hello@getsnapcast.com.

    **How long we keep your User Content (Data Retention)**: We retain your Personal Data for no longer than is necessary to fulfill the purposes for which the information was collected (as indicated above), or as otherwise permitted or required by applicable law or pursuant to the Bookt and/or SnapCast Terms of Service. Following termination or deactivation of your User account, Bookt and/or SnapCast may retain your profile information and User Content for a commercially reasonable time for backup, archival, or audit purposes.

1. **NOTICE TO California Residents**<a name="noticetocaliforniaresidents"></a>

    California Civil Code Section 1798.83 (i.e. the California Consumer Privacy Act)(CPPA) requires certain businesses to respond to requests from California customers asking about the business&#39; practices related to collecting, using, sharing or selling the personal information of Consumers to third parties. California Civil Code 1798.115(c), 1798.130(a)(5)(c), 1798.130(c), and 1798.140 indicate that organizations must disclose what categories of information are &quot;collected,&quot; &quot;sold,&quot; or transferred for an organization&#39;s business purpose&quot; as those terms are defined under California law. The CCPA grants rights to California consumers including: i) The right to know what personal information is collected, used, shared or sold, both as to the categories and specific pieces of personal information; ii) The right to delete personal information held by businesses and by extension, a business&#39;s service provider; iii) The right to opt-out of sale of personal information. Consumers are able to direct a business that sells personal information to stop selling that information. Children under the age of 16 must provide opt in consent, with a parent or guardian consenting for children under 13; and the right to non-discrimination in terms of price or service when a consumer exercises a privacy right under CCPA.

    Note that Bookt and SnapCast do not necessarily collect all categories of information about you. See above sections of this Privacy Policy that discuss what data we collect and process and how we use it for further information. **Note that for California consumers, by clicking that you agree to our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy you are directing us to disclose the information described in this paragraph to third-party advertising companies and therefore Bookt, LLC and SnapCast, Corp. do not sell your Personal Data.**

    If are a California consumer and wish to exercise your rights under the CCPA, including opting- out of Bookt and SnapCast sharing of your information with third parties&#39; direct marketing purposes; or wish us to delete your personal information please contact us at: [hello@getsnapcast.com](mailto:hello@getsnapcast.com) or in writing at: SnapCast Corp., Unit 8, 85 Fulton St. Boonton, New Jersey 07005. We will respond to your request within 30 days, including an explanation of what action we have taken or intend to take, if required to do so by the terms of the CCPA. Bookt and SnapCast do not discriminate against California residents who exercise any of their rights described in this Privacy and Cookie Policy. Please be advised, however, you&#39;re your opting out of the use of your personal information may restrict our abilities to share this information with Scouts, Agencies and vendors using Bookt and SnapCast.

1. **NOTICE to Citizens of the European Union (EU/EEA) and UNITED KINGDOM**<a name="noticetocitizensoftheeuropeanuionanduk"></a>

    If you are a citizen of the EU/EEA/UK, certain provisions of the E.U. &quot;General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (GDPR) may apply to you and the processing of your personal information as a &quot;Data Subject&quot;. If you are a EU/EEA/UK citizen, Bookt and SnapCast will require that you make this fact known when accessing Bookt or SnapCast websites and apps and will require that you &quot;opt into&quot; our data collection, usage, sharing and storing practices via a pop-up window (i.e. &quot;clickwrap&quot;). This also enables Bookt and SnapCast to determine whether and how we are required to comply with GDPR. For purposes of GDPR Bookt and SnapCast each act as a Data Controller, respectively, for Bookt website and apps and SnapCast website, apps and other platforms.

    Please read this entire Privacy Policy carefully for information about how we collect, use, share and store your personal information; as well as how we use data profiling and analytics to understand how you use our websites, apps and platforms.

    If you are a citizen of the European Union and wish to opt out of Bookt and SnapCast sharing of your information with third parties&#39; direct marketing purposes; wish us to correct information about you; wish us to delete or erase your personal information; or wish us to restrict data processing about you, please contact our Data Protection Officer at hello@getsnapcast.com. or in writing at: SnapCast/Bookt DPO c/o SnapCast Corp. Unit 8, 85 Fulton St. Boonton, New Jersey 07005. We will respond to your request within 30 days, including an explanation of what action we have taken or intend to take, if required to do so by the terms of the GDPR.

    You, hereby, acknowledge that Bookt LLC and SnapCast Corp. are privately held companies that do not act as a data processor for any government or government entity. We currently provide service to a limited population and number of total users. We are actively monitoring our responsibilities under GDPR and will update our policies as we continue to grow and or build-out our services and platforms.

    Bookt and SnapCast do not discriminate against EU/EEA/UK users who exercise any of their rights described in this Privacy Policy. Please be advised, however, that your opting out of the use of your personal information may restrict our abilities to share this information with Scouts, Agencies and vendors using Bookt and SnapCast.

1. **consent to transfer information to the united states**<a name="consenttotransferinformationtousa"></a>

    If you are located anywhere outside of the United States, please be aware that information Bookt and SnapCast collect, including your personal information, will be transferred to, processed, and stored in the United States. The Data Protection Laws in the United States may differ from those of the country in which you are located, and your personal information may be subject to access requests from Governments, courts or law enforcement in the United States according to the laws of the United States. By Providing Bookt and SnapCast with any information you consent to this transfer, processing and storage or your information in the United States. You, hereby, also acknowledge that such transfer is a necessary part of Bookt and/or SnapCast being able to offer services to you and display and transmit your personal information to Agents, Scouts and third-party partners and vendors.

1. **use of publically published fashion images**<a name="useofpublicallypublishedfashionimages"></a>

    You, hereby, acknowledge that the Agencies who utilize Bookt and SnapCast. follow the standard operating practice in the fashion/modeling industry of displaying publically published images sourced from a variety of publications, both print and online, which showcase their models on their websites. You hereby, acknowledge that Bookt and SnapCast cannot control the use of such images by Agencies that use Bookt and SnapCast website, apps, databases and platforms. If you are a model, photographer, publisher or any other rights holder of an image used by an Agency &quot;branded&quot; app managed or hosted by Bookt or SnapCast, and you have a concern regarding use of images you own, please contact the respective Agency responsible.

1. **&quot;DO NOT TRACK&quot;**<a name="DONOTTRACK"></a>

    Although we do our best to honor the privacy preferences of our customers, Bookt and SnapCast are not able to respond to Do-Not-Track signals from your browser at this time. As discussed above, we track website usage information through the use of cookies for analytic and internal purposes only.  Because we do not collect this information to track you across websites over time, your selection of the &quot;Do Not Track&quot; option provided by your browser will not have any effect on our collection of cookie information

1. **CHILDREN&#39;S PRIVACY**<a name="childrensprivacy"></a>

    Bookt and SnapCast do not knowingly collect or solicit any information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register as Users. Our services and their content are not intended for use by children, especially under the age of 13 or directed at children under the age of 13. No one under the age of 13 is allowed to provide ANY personal information whatsoever, including but not limited to text, data, video or photos on any website or app owned, controlled or serviced by Bookt or SnapCast . In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at hello@getsnapcast.com.. Minors between the ages of 13 and 17 must obtain the permission of their parent(s) or legal guardian(s) before submitting data, text, photos or video on any Bookt, SnapCast website, app, form or database—this includes any &quot;scouting&quot; form used by Bookt and developed and licensed by SnapCast and any other such Software As a Service products developed by/licensed by SnapCast and/or Bookt. If you are a parent or legal guardian and you are worried about your child&#39;s or minor&#39;s activities or their privacy on our site or any other aspect of this policy or website, then we encourage you to email us directly at: hello@getsnapcast.com.

1. **LINKS TO OTHER WEB SITES AND SERVICES**<a name="linkstootherwebsitesandservices"></a>

    We are not responsible for the practices employed by websites or services linked to or from the Service, including the information or content contained therein. Please remember that when you use a link to go from the Service to another website, our Privacy Policy does not apply to third-party websites or services. Your browsing and interaction on any third-party website or service, including those that have a link or advertisement on our website, are subject to that third party&#39;s own rules and policies. In addition, you agree that we are not responsible for and we do not have any control over any third parties that you authorize to access your User Content. If you are using a third-party website or service (like Facebook) and you allow such a third-party access to your User Content you do so at your own risk. This Privacy Policy does not apply to information we collect by other means (including offline) or from other sources other than through the Service.

1. **CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY**<a name="changestoourprivacypolicy"></a>

    Bookt and SnapCast may modify or update this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect the changes in our respective businesses and practices, and so you should review this page periodically. When we change the policy in a material manner we will let you know with an additional notice such as adding a statement or pop-up to our landing pages (i.e. Apple Store; Bookt app; Bookt webpage; Scouting form, etc.) or by sending you an email. We will also update the &#39;last modified&#39; date at the bottom of this page. All users of Bookt and SnapCast apps and websites and/or apps developed and licensed by SnapCast as well as scouting forms, agency pages and the &quot;agency database&quot; are encouraged to check this Privacy Policy periodically for updates. Changes to this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Services are effective when posted. Your continued use of Bookt and SnapCast forms, databases and websites after such date will signify your acceptance of those changes.

1. **Survivability and transfer**<a name="survivabilityandtransfer"></a>

    If either some or all of the assets of Bookt or SnapCast are acquired by another company, including through a sale in connection with bankruptcy, that company will possess the information collected by us and it will assume the rights and obligations regarding your information as described in this Privacy Policy.

1. **HOW TO CONTACT US**<a name="howtocontactus"></a>

    If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the Service, please contact us vial email at hello@getsnapcast.com. or in writing at: SnapCast Corp. Unit 8, 85 Fulton St. Boonton, NJ 07005. We will do our best to respond to your request within 30 (thirty) days.

    This privacy policy was last modified on [20 April 2020].
